readme.md, before:

# JavaScript Component Library

-   A collection of reusable components for JavaScript projects.
-   Scss only components, JavaScript only components, and full components with both JavaScript and Scss.

## URL's

-   [Live Website](https://paulalexserban.github.io/wbk--fe-playground--javascript/)
-   [Github Repository](https://github.com/paulAlexSerban/wbk--fe-playground--javascript)

## Project Brief

### Summary

The project is a comprehensive JavaScript component library that showcases various UI components sourced from diverse online challenges and courses. It's a testament to an individual's journey in frontend development, and a platform for others to witness the potential of these UI components.

### Goal Details

-   Display and categorize UI components from various challenges and courses.
-   Offer a seamless user experience to navigate through the different UI components.
-   Serve as a learning tool and portfolio to showcase frontend skills.

### Target Audience

-   Recruiters or employers looking to hire frontend developers.
-   Developers seeking inspiration or references for frontend components.
-   Students or beginners in frontend development.

### Promise

A unified platform showcasing diverse frontend components with a focus on learning and practical implementation.

## Useful Scripts

-   install all dependencies: `yarn install`

## Backlog

### v2.0 Restructure to Monorepo

-   [ ] Monorepo w. Lerna & Yarn for FE & BE development
    -   [x] setup yarn instead of npm
    -   [x] setup workspaces w. lerna
    -   [x] serve static files with `npx serve`
    -   [ ] setup local express api for serving JSON data
-   [ ] Modulize for local setup w. Docker Compose (traefik, nginx and node.js)

Commit message:

feat(docs): moved some wiki files

readme.md, after:

# Front-end Playground - JavaScript

-   Workbook project for Front-end development research and development with JavaScript.
-   A collection of reusable components for JavaScript projects.
-   Scss only components, JavaScript only components, and full components with both JavaScript and Scss.

## URL's

-   [Live Website](https://paulalexserban.github.io/wbk--fe-playground--javascript/)
-   [Github Repository](https://github.com/paulAlexSerban/wbk--fe-playground--javascript)

## Project Brief

### Summary

The project is a comprehensive JavaScript component library that showcases various UI components sourced from diverse online challenges and courses. It's a testament to an individual's journey in frontend development, and a platform for others to witness the potential of these UI components.

### Goal Details

-   Display and categorize UI components from various challenges and courses.
-   Offer a seamless user experience to navigate through the different UI components.
-   Serve as a learning tool and portfolio to showcase frontend skills.

### Target Audience

-   Recruiters or employers looking to hire frontend developers.
-   Developers seeking inspiration or references for frontend components.
-   Students or beginners in frontend development.

### Promise

A unified platform showcasing diverse frontend components with a focus on learning and practical implementation.

## Useful Scripts

-   install all dependencies: `yarn install`
